gh-75608: Add Windows FAQ entry for missing CRT (#92765)
python/cpython: Doc/faq/windows.rst

Use the :mod:`msvcrt` module.  This is a standard Windows-specific extension module.
It defines a function ``kbhit()`` which checks whether a keyboard hit is
present, and ``getch()`` which gets one character without echoing it.

How do I solve the missing api-ms-win-crt-runtime-l1-1-0.dll error?
-------------------------------------------------------------------

> This can occur on Python 3.5 and later, and on Windows 8.1 or earlier.
> Install the `Update for Universal C Runtime <https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/3118401/>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can occur on Python 3.5 and later when using Windows 8.1 or earlier without all updates having been installed.
First ensure your operating system is supported and is up to date, and if that does not resolve the issue,
visit the `Microsoft support page <https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/3118401/>`_
for guidance on manually installing the C Runtime update.
```
